---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "echostream_managed_node_type Data Source - terraform-provider-echostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ManagedNodeTypes are wrappers around Docker image definitions and define the requirements necessary to instantiate those images as Docker containers inside a ManagedNode.
---

# echostream_managed_node_type (Data Source)

ManagedNodeTypes are wrappers around Docker image definitions and define the requirements necessary to instantiate those images as Docker containers inside a ManagedNode.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "echostream_managed_node_type" "hl7_out" {
  name = "echo.hl7-mllp-outbound-node"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the ManagedNodeType. Must be unique within the Tenant.

### Read-Only

- `config_template` (String) A [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/) document that specifies the requirements for the config attribute of ManagedNodes created using this ManagedNodeType.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `image_uri` (String) The URI of the Docker image. Must be a [public](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/public-repositories.html) or a [private](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/Repositories.html) AWS ECR repository.
- `in_use` (Boolean) True if this is used by ManagedNodes.
- `mount_requirements` (Attributes Set) The mount (i.e. - volume) requirements of the Docker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mount_requirements))
- `port_requirements` (Attributes Set) The port requirements of the Docker image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_requirements))
- `readme` (String) README in MarkDown format.
- `receive_message_type` (String) The MessageType that ManagedNodes created with this ManagedNodeType are capable of receiving.
- `send_message_type` (String) The MessageType that ManagedNodes created with this ManagedNodeType are capable of sending.

<a id="nestedatt--mount_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mount_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the port.
- `source` (String) The path of the mount on the host.
- `target` (String) The path of the mount in the Docker container.


<a id="nestedatt--port_requirements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_requirements`

Read-Only:

- `container_port` (Number) The exposed container port.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description for the port.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to use for the port. One of `sctp`, `tcp` or `udp`.
