---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "echostream_message_type Data Source - terraform-provider-echostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A specific MessageType https://docs.echo.stream/docs/message-types in the Tenant. All messages sent or received must be loosely associated (via Node and Edge typing) with a MessageType.
---

# echostream_message_type (Data Source)

A specific [MessageType](https://docs.echo.stream/docs/message-types) in the Tenant. All messages sent or received must be loosely associated (via Node and Edge typing) with a MessageType.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "echostream_message_type" "json" {
  name = "echo.json"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the MessageType

### Read-Only

- `auditor` (String) A Python code string that contains a single top-level function definition. This function must have the signature `(*, message, **kwargs)` where message is a string and must return a flat dictionary.
- `bitmapper_template` (String) A Python code string that contains a single top-level function definition. This function is used as a template when creating custom routing rules in RouterNodes that use this MessageType. This function must have the signature `(*, context, message, source, **kwargs)` and return an integer.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description
- `in_use` (Boolean) True if this is used by other resources
- `processor_template` (String) A Python code string that contains a single top-leve function definition. This function is used as a template when creating custom processing in ProcessorNodes that use this MessageType. This function must have the signature `(*, context, message, source, **kwargs)` and return `None`, a string or a list of strings.
- `readme` (String) README in MarkDown format
- `requirements` (Set of String) The list of Python requirements, in [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirement-specifiers/) format
- `sample_message` (String) A sample message


