---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "echostream_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-echostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages the current Tenant https://docs.echo.stream/docs/tenants (configured in the provider)
---

# echostream_tenant (Resource)

Manages the current [Tenant](https://docs.echo.stream/docs/tenants) (configured in the provider)

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  tenant_config = {
    value_1 = "my value"
  }
}

resource "echostream_tenant" "current" {
  description = "This is my description"
  config      = jsonencode(locals.tenant_config)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `audit` (Boolean) The current Tenant's audit state.
- `aws_credentials_duration` (Number) The duration to request for `aws_credentials`. Must be set to obtain `aws_credentials`.
- `config` (String, Sensitive) The config for the Tenant. All nodes in the Tenant will be allowed to access this. Must be a JSON object.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description.

### Read-Only

- `active` (Boolean) The current Tenant's active state.
- `aws_credentials` (Attributes) The AWS Session Credentials that allow the current ApiUser (configured in the provider) to access the Tenant's resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_credentials))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name.
- `region` (String) The current Tenant's AWS region name (e.g.  - `us-east-1`).
- `table` (String) The current Tenant's DynamoDB [table](https://docs.echo.stream/docs/table) name.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_credentials`

Read-Only:

- `access_key_id` (String) The AWS Acces Key Id for the session.
- `expiration` (String) The date/time that the sesssion expires, in [ISO8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The AWS Secret Access Key for the session.
- `session_token` (String) The AWS Session Token for the session.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import echostream_tenant.test ""
```
