---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "echostream_web_sub_hub_node Resource - terraform-provider-echostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebSubHubNodes https://docs.echo.stream/docs/websub-hub implement the W3C WebSub https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/ Hub feature. They accept echo.websub messages that contain content that requires publishing to subscribers.
---

# echostream_web_sub_hub_node (Resource)

[WebSubHubNodes](https://docs.echo.stream/docs/websub-hub) implement the W3C [WebSub](https://www.w3.org/TR/websub/) Hub feature. They accept echo.websub messages that contain content that requires publishing to subscribers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "echostream_web_sub_hub_node" "test" {
  name = "test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Node. Must be unique within the Tenant.

### Optional

- `config` (String, Sensitive) The config, in JSON object format (i.e. - dict, map).
- `default_lease_seconds` (Number) The lease duration to apply to subscription requests that do not specify hub.lease_seconds. Defaults to `864000`. Changes will only apply to new subscriptions.
- `delivery_retries` (Number) The number of times to attempt delivery to a subscription. If not provided, the subscriptions will attempt to deliver a message for 7 days. Changes will only apply to new subscriptions.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description.
- `inline_api_authenticator` (String) A Python code string that contains a single top-level function definition. This function must have the signature `(*, context, request, **kwargs)` and return `None` or a tuple containing an `AuthCredentials` and `BaseUser` (or subclasses). Mutually exclusive with `managedApiAuthenticator`.
- `logging_level` (String) The logging level. One of `DEBUG`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `WARNING`. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `managed_api_authenticator` (String) The managedApiAuthenticator. Mutually exclusive with the `inlineApiAuthenticator`.
- `max_lease_seconds` (Number) The maximum lease duration for a subscription. Defaults to `864000`. Changes will only apply to new subscriptions.
- `requirements` (Set of String) The list of Python requirements, in [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirement-specifiers/) format.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The WebSub signature algorithm used by hub subscriptions when the subscription provides a secret. One of `sha1`, `sha256`, `sha384`, or `sha512`. Defaults to `sha1`. Changes will apply to all existing and new subscriptions.
- `subscription_security` (String) The security requirements the hub is enforcing on subscription requests. One of `https`, `httpsandsecret`, or `secret`. Null indicates no enforced subscription security. Changes will only apply to new subscription requests.

### Read-Only

- `endpoint` (String) The WebSubHub endpoint to give to subscribers. Accepts POST calls using the WebSub protocol for subscriptions.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `receive_message_type` (String) Will always be 'echo.websub'

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import echostream_web_sub_hub_node.hub "node_name"
```
