---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "echostream_webhook_node Resource - terraform-provider-echostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  WebhookNodes https://docs.echo.stream/docs/webhook allow for almost any processing of messages, including transformation, augmentation, generation, combination and splitting.
---

# echostream_webhook_node (Resource)

[WebhookNodes](https://docs.echo.stream/docs/webhook) allow for almost any processing of messages, including transformation, augmentation, generation, combination and splitting.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "echostream_webhook_node" "test" {
  name              = "test"
  send_message_type = "echo.fhir-json"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Node. Must be unique within the Tenant.

### Optional

- `config` (String, Sensitive) The config, in JSON object format (i.e. - dict, map).
- `description` (String) A human-readable description.
- `inline_api_authenticator` (String) A Python code string that contains a single top-level function definition. This function must have the signature `(*, context, request, **kwargs)` and return `None` or a tuple containing an `AuthCredentials` and `BaseUser` (or subclasses). Mutually exclusive with `managedApiAuthenticator`.
- `logging_level` (String) The logging level. One of `DEBUG`, `ERROR`, `INFO`, `WARNING`. Defaults to `INFO`.
- `managed_api_authenticator` (String) The managedApiAuthenticator. Mutually exclusive with the `inlineApiAuthenticator`.
- `requirements` (Set of String) The list of Python requirements, in [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/requirement-specifiers/) format.
- `send_message_type` (String) Must be JSON based, defaults to `echo.json`.

### Read-Only

- `endpoint` (String) The Webhooks endpoint to forward webhooks events to. Accepts POST webhook events at the root path. POST events may be any JSON-based payload.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import echostream_webhook_node.webhook "node_name"
```
